# Git Practice
[ChatGPT maker releases AI detection tool](https://apnews.com/article/technology-education-colleges-and-universities-france-a0ab654549de387316404a7be019116b)

# What I found interesting
I found this article interesting because it talks about the real-life effects of ChatGPT on educational institutions. For example, the article states that many schools are banning the use of ChatGPT in order to prevent students from using it to cheat and now the maker of ChatGPT has created a detection tool to help prevent cheating. The article also quotes Jan Leike, head of OpenAI's alignment team, who states, "We don’t fundamentally know what kind of pattern it pays attention to, or how it works internally...There’s really not much we could say at this point about how the classifier actually works" (O'Brien & Gecker). I found this statement to be very interesting, because they admitted that it is unclear how and what specific patterns ChatGPT analyzes and classifies data, yet they were still able to build a ChatGPT cheat detection tool. This makes me wonder how their ChatGPT cheat detection tool can accurately detect cheating when they are not sure how ChatGPT itself classifies data and analyzes patterns. 

## Comments

Interesting article and insights! I thought ChatGPT is a great convenient tool to get answers online. It is a shame that people have used it to cheat. An anti-cheat tool would be hard to implement since they are not even sure how ChatGPT works, but hopefully schools should advocate for ChapGPT as a educational tool that should be used with honesty.

###### Lianna Poblete:
While its nice that they are trying to prevent ChatGPT from being used as a tool to cheat, unfortunately I believe that this is a problem that is too complex to be solved. As of right now, ChatGPT has a lot of flaws that should be addressed involving the accuracy of its answers. Knowing this, I have very high doubts that the cheat detection tool is advanced enough to make a significant impact on the use of ChatGPT for students. It seems like the most effective way to prevent cheating would be to compare student answers to the answers given by ChatGPT. But that is something that doesn't involve changing the way ChatGPT works.